Menu: update the 'adaptivityEnabled' description (#3878)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxMenu/1 Configuration/adaptivityEnabled.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies whether adaptive rendering is enabled. Applies only if the [orientation](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxMenu/1%20Configuration/orientation.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#orientation') is *"horizontal"*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies whether adaptive rendering is enabled. This property is in effect only if the [orientation](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxMenu/1%20Configuration/orientation.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxMenu/Configuration/#orientation') is *"horizontal"*.
```

---

> If you enable adaptive rendering, the Menu is shown as a list icon, and items have a tree structure like the [TreeView](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/TreeView/00%20Getting%20Started%20with%20TreeView '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeView/Getting_Started_with_TreeView/') items. This functionality applies only if the container's width is smaller than the Menu width. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable adaptive rendering, the Menu is shown as a list icon, and Menu items are arranged hierarchically like [TreeView](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/TreeView/00%20Getting%20Started%20with%20TreeView '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeView/Getting_Started_with_TreeView/') items. This functionality is enabled only if the container's width is less than the Menu width. 
```

> In the example below, the container's width is 400 px, the Menu width is 500 px, and adaptive rendering is enabled. With these conditions met, the component behaves as described above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code example sets the container's width to 400 pixels, sets the Menu width to 500 pixels, and enables adaptive rendering to demonstrate the behavior described above.
```
